Compile using brcc32.exe cyIndyMail_MIME_types.rc -focyIndyMail_MIME_types.rec

"ContentType";extension file="Extension"

application/envoy;extension file=evy
application/fractals;extension file=fif
application/futuresplash;extension file=spl
application/hta;extension file=hta
application/internet-property-stream;extension file=acx
application/mac-binhex40;extension file=hqx
application/msword;extension file=doc
application/msword;extension file=dot
    do not handle;application/octet-stream;extension file=*
application/octet-stream;extension file=bin
application/octet-stream;extension file=class
application/octet-stream;extension file=dms
application/octet-stream;extension file=exe
application/octet-stream;extension file=lha
application/octet-stream;extension file=lzh
application/oda;extension file=oda
application/olescript;extension file=axs
application/pdf;extension file=pdf
application/pics-rules;extension file=prf
application/pkcs10;extension file=p10
application/pkix-crl;extension file=crl
application/postscript;extension file=ai
application/postscript;extension file=eps
application/postscript;extension file=ps
application/rtf;extension file=rtf
application/set-payment-initiation;extension file=setpay
application/set-registration-initiation;extension file=setreg
application/vnd.ms-excel;extension file=xla
application/vnd.ms-excel;extension file=xlc
application/vnd.ms-excel;extension file=xlm
application/vnd.ms-excel;extension file=xls
application/vnd.ms-excel;extension file=xlt
application/vnd.ms-excel;extension file=xlw
application/vnd.ms-outlook;extension file=msg
application/vnd.ms-pkicertstore;extension file=sst
application/vnd.ms-pkiseccat;extension file=cat
application/vnd.ms-pkistl;extension file=stl
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint;extension file=pot
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint;extension file=pps
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint;extension file=ppt
application/vnd.ms-project;extension file=mpp
application/vnd.ms-works;extension file=wcm
application/vnd.ms-works;extension file=wdb
application/vnd.ms-works;extension file=wks
application/vnd.ms-works;extension file=wps
application/winhlp;extension file=hlp
application/x-bcpio;extension file=bcpio
application/x-cdf;extension file=cdf
application/x-compress;extension file=z
application/x-compressed;extension file=tgz
application/x-cpio;extension file=cpio
application/x-csh;extension file=csh
application/x-director;extension file=dcr
application/x-director;extension file=dir
application/x-director;extension file=dxr
application/x-dvi;extension file=dvi
application/x-gtar;extension file=gtar
application/x-gzip;extension file=gz
application/x-hdf;extension file=hdf
application/x-internet-signup;extension file=ins
application/x-internet-signup;extension file=isp
application/x-iphone;extension file=iii
application/x-javascript;extension file=js
application/x-latex;extension file=latex
application/x-msaccess;extension file=mdb
application/x-mscardfile;extension file=crd
application/x-msclip;extension file=clp
application/x-msdownload;extension file=dll
application/x-msmediaview;extension file=m13
application/x-msmediaview;extension file=m14
application/x-msmediaview;extension file=mvb
application/x-msmetafile;extension file=wmf
application/x-msmoney;extension file=mny
application/x-mspublisher;extension file=pub
application/x-msschedule;extension file=scd
application/x-msterminal;extension file=trm
application/x-mswrite;extension file=wri
application/x-netcdf;extension file=cdf
application/x-netcdf;extension file=nc
application/x-perfmon;extension file=pma
application/x-perfmon;extension file=pmc
application/x-perfmon;extension file=pml
application/x-perfmon;extension file=pmr
application/x-perfmon;extension file=pmw
application/x-pkcs12;extension file=p12
application/x-pkcs12;extension file=pfx
application/x-pkcs7-certificates;extension file=p7b
application/x-pkcs7-certificates;extension file=spc
application/x-pkcs7-certreqresp;extension file=p7r
application/x-pkcs7-mime;extension file=p7c
application/x-pkcs7-mime;extension file=p7m
application/x-pkcs7-signature;extension file=p7s
application/x-sh;extension file=sh
application/x-shar;extension file=shar
application/x-shockwave-flash;extension file=swf
application/x-stuffit;extension file=sit
application/x-sv4cpio;extension file=sv4cpio
application/x-sv4crc;extension file=sv4crc
application/x-tar;extension file=tar
application/x-tcl;extension file=tcl
application/x-tex;extension file=tex
application/x-texinfo;extension file=texi
application/x-texinfo;extension file=texinfo
application/x-troff;extension file=roff
application/x-troff;extension file=t
application/x-troff;extension file=tr
application/x-troff-man;extension file=man
application/x-troff-me;extension file=me
application/x-troff-ms;extension file=ms
application/x-ustar;extension file=ustar
application/x-wais-source;extension file=src
application/x-x509-ca-cert;extension file=cer
application/x-x509-ca-cert;extension file=crt
application/x-x509-ca-cert;extension file=der
application/ynd.ms-pkipko;extension file=pko
application/zip;extension file=zip
audio/basic;extension file=au
audio/basic;extension file=snd
audio/mid;extension file=mid
audio/mid;extension file=rmi
audio/mpeg;extension file=mp3
audio/x-aiff;extension file=aif
audio/x-aiff;extension file=aifc
audio/x-aiff;extension file=aiff
audio/x-mpegurl;extension file=m3u
audio/x-pn-realaudio;extension file=ra
audio/x-pn-realaudio;extension file=ram
audio/x-wav;extension file=wav
image/bmp;extension file=bmp
image/cis-cod;extension file=cod
image/gif;extension file=gif
image/ief;extension file=ief
image/jpeg;extension file=jpe
image/jpeg;extension file=jpeg
image/jpeg;extension file=jpg
image/pipeg;extension file=jfif
image/png;extension file=png
image/svg+xml;extension file=svg
image/tiff;extension file=tif
image/tiff;extension file=tiff
image/x-cmu-raster;extension file=ras
image/x-cmx;extension file=cmx
image/x-icon;extension file=ico
image/x-portable-anymap;extension file=pnm
image/x-portable-bitmap;extension file=pbm
image/x-portable-graymap;extension file=pgm
image/x-portable-pixmap;extension file=ppm
image/x-rgb;extension file=rgb
image/x-xbitmap;extension file=xbm
image/x-xpixmap;extension file=xpm
image/x-xwindowdump;extension file=xwd
    do not handle (encapsulated message);message/rfc822;extension file=mht
    do not handle (encapsulated message);message/rfc822;extension file=mhtml
    do not handle (encapsulated message);message/rfc822;extension file=nws
text/css;extension file=css
text/h323;extension file=323
text/html;extension file=htm
text/html;extension file=html
text/html;extension file=stm
text/iuls;extension file=uls
text/plain;extension file=bas
text/plain;extension file=c
text/plain;extension file=h
text/plain;extension file=txt
text/richtext;extension file=rtx
text/scriptlet;extension file=sct
text/tab-separated-values;extension file=tsv
text/webviewhtml;extension file=htt
text/x-component;extension file=htc
text/x-setext;extension file=etx
text/x-vcard;extension file=vcf
video/mpeg;extension file=mp2
video/mpeg;extension file=mpa
video/mpeg;extension file=mpe
video/mpeg;extension file=mpeg
video/mpeg;extension file=mpg
video/mpeg;extension file=mpv2
video/quicktime;extension file=mov
video/quicktime;extension file=qt
video/x-la-asf;extension file=lsf
video/x-la-asf;extension file=lsx
video/x-ms-asf;extension file=asf
video/x-ms-asf;extension file=asr
video/x-ms-asf;extension file=asx
video/x-msvideo;extension file=avi
video/x-sgi-movie;extension file=movie
x-world/x-vrml;extension file=flr
x-world/x-vrml;extension file=vrml
x-world/x-vrml;extension file=wrl
x-world/x-vrml;extension file=wrz
x-world/x-vrml;extension file=xaf
x-world/x-vrml;extension file=xof